Add versioninfo() helper and a bug report template (#558)
JuliaInterop/RCall.jl: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Report a suspected bug or incompatibility in RCall.jl
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Please try to create as small a reproduction as possible.

 * How did you install RCall.jl and configure the R location?
 * Did you install any R packages or other packages? Using what method? 
 * Finally what code did you run?

Please include this information even if it relates to an earlier issue which has been closed.

**Expected and actual behavior**
Describe what happened versus what you expected to happen.

**Version information**

> Please include the output of `using RCall; RCall.versioninfo()` if possible. Otherwise please include `Main.versioninfo()` from Julia and `sessionInfo()` from R.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please include the output of `using RCall; RCall.versioninfo()` if possible. Otherwise please include `versioninfo()` from Julia and `sessionInfo()` from R.
```

No need to qualify stuff in `Main` when running interactively and if you're not running interactively, then you'll need to load InteractiveUtils ...

Reviewer: Actually, on second thought, I think we should just simplify this a bit:

````suggestion
Please include the output of running the follow commands in the REPL:

```julia
using RCall
reval("sessionInfo()")
versioninfo()
```
````

And then we can cut out the additional `versioninfo` file below (more on that down there)
